Jaden:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Alexis: AH, SYRUS?!
WHAT SEEMS TO BE
THE PROBLEM, PRIVATE?
Jim:
ALL RIGHT, GIRL.
FUN'S OVER.
SO IS THE SARGE
ALL RIGHT?
HOW'D HE DO
ON THE BATTLEFIELD?
HE WON...
BUT BARELY.
Adrian: THE ENERGY CONCENTRATION
IS RISING.
I MUST BE CLOSE.
MOVING IN.
SOMEONE'S
STALKING US!
IT'S A DUELIST
I MET YEARS AGO.
IT'S FEEDING TIME.
WAIT!
[ROAR]
GREAT SCOTT!
NOT MY PEGASUS!
IS IT TRAPPER?
THE ONE AND ONLY.
[TRAPPER LAUGHS]
GIVE HIM BACK,
TRAPPER!
IF IT'S A DUEL THAT
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
HERE...
GO AHEAD
AND DEAL ME IN!
I ONLY PLAY
FOR HIGH STAKES!
IF YOU WIN, MR. ED
CAN GO BACK TO THE STABLE
WITH THE OTHER
CRYSTAL BEASTS.
BUT IF'N
YOU GET WHOOPED,
THEY'RE ALL MINE!
OH, YEAH!?
WELL, TO GET YOUR HANDS
ON THE CRYSTAL BEASTS,
YOU HAVE TO
GET THROUGH ME!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪♪
HEE HEE HEE!
I'M COMING AFTER
YOUR PRECIOUS
CRYSTAL BEASTS, JESSE!
GONNA SNARE ME
EVERY LAST ONE'A
THEM THERE SPIRITS A YOURS
SO I CAN RUSTLE ME UP
THAT ALL-POWERFUL
RAINBOW DRAGON!
[THINKING]
I GOT TO RESCUE MY PALS!
THE CRYSTAL BEASTS
ARE MY RESPONSIBILITY.
AFTER ALL,
I DIDN'T CHOOSE THEM.
THEY CHOSE ME!
SO THESE ARE
THE CRYSTAL BEAST CARDS?
Pegasus: YES, AND NOW
THEY BELONG TO YOU!
THAT'S NICE AND ALL,
BUT I HEARD A LIL' RUMOR.
SUPPOSEDLY NO ONE
CAN BREAK THEIR SEAL.
NO ONE
BUT THE CHOSEN ONE,
AND I BELIEVE
THESE CARDS
HAVE CHOSEN YOU!
ME?
MM-HMM.
IN YOUR LAST MATCH,
I WITNESSED
SOMETHING AWAKEN
DEEP WITHIN THEM.
GO AHEAD, TOUCH THEM,
AND SEE IF I'M RIGHT.
[GASP]
WHATTA YA KNOW?
LOOKS LIKE YOU'VE GOT
THE CRYSTAL TOUCH.
NOW, BE WARNED,
WITH GREAT CARDS
COMES EVEN GREATER
RESPONSIBILITY.
WHOA!
HUH?
YOU'RE NOT WALKING
OUTTA HERE
WITH MY CRYSTAL
BEASTS, TRAPPER.
YOU'VE TRACKED DOWN
THE WRONG KID THIS TIME,
AND I RECKON
YOU'RE GONNA PAY
FOR THAT MISTAKE.
THESE CARDS
ARE MY FAMILY,
AND THEIR POWER
WILL NEVER BE YOURS!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
IT'S TRUE!
I'LL NEVER
LET YOU HAVE THEM.
WELL, YOU MIGHT NOT
HAVE A CHOICE!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
ALL RIGHT!
HERE WE GO. I DRAW.
I SUMMON CRYSTAL BEAST
TOPAZ TIGER!
[ROAR]
[CHUCKLE]
THAT LIL' KITTY
DON'T SEEM SO TOUGH.
I'LL PLAY MY FACEDOWN CARD--
TRAP HOLE!
WHEN YOU SUMMON
A MONSTER WITH
A THOUSAND OR MORE
ATTACK POINTS,
THAT THERE TRAP HOLE
ACTIVATES
AND PUTS THE DROP ON HIM!
NOT QUITE.
SEE, THERE'S A CATCH!
EVEN IF YOU DEFEAT
A CRYSTAL BEAST,
IT STAYS ON THE FIELD.
HUH?
I RECKON SINCE
I STILL GOT TWO
OF MY PALS HERE WITH ME,
I CAN ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
RARE VALUE!
NOW I JUST HAVE
TO TOSS OUT
A CRYSTAL BEAST,
AND THEN I CAN DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
I ACTIVATE
MY E FORCE SPELL!
WITH THE POWER
OF THIS CARD,
I RESURRECT TOPAZ TIGER!
HUH! AGAIN?
THAT THERE CAT
MUST HAVE 9 LIVES!
THAT'S NOT ALL IT'S GOT.
WHEN TOPAZ TIGER
BATTLES A MONSTER,
IT GAINS 400
ATTACK POINTS.
TOPAZ!
ATTACK THAT HOUND!
TOPAZ INCISOR SHRED!
OH, DOGGY.
WELL, HERE'S SOME NEWS:
WHEN MY HOUND'S DESTROYED,
IT CAN CALL FOR BACKUP.
AND NOW I CAN RELEASE
ANOTHER INFERNAL BLASTHOUND
FROM MY DECK.
KNEW THAT WAS COMING.
YOU DID?
IT'S WHY
I THREW THIS DOWN--
THE TRIGGERED SUMMON
TRAP CARD!
TRIGGERED SUMMON
ACTIVATES
WHEN YOU SPECIAL SUMMON
A MONSTER,
AND THAT LETS ME SUMMON
ONE LEVEL-4-OR-BELOW
MONSTER FROM MY HAND.
AND NOW,
MY EMERALD TURTLE!
COME ON OUT
OF YOUR SHELL!
NEXT UP: A SPELL CARD!
M FORCE!
IT ALLOWS EMERALD TURTLE
TO GAIN 500 ADDITIONAL
ATTACK POINTS!
[GRUNT]
NOW, EMERALD TURTLE,
ATTACK,
WITH EMERALD CUTTER!
NICE TRY,
BUT MY BLAST HOUNDS
WON'T ROLL OVER SO EASILY!
I'LL JUST SIC
ANOTHER ONE ON YOU!
THEY SAY YOU CAN'T
TEACH AN OLD DOG
NEW TRICKS!
MAYBE THIS HERE PUP'LL
LEARN HIS LESSON!
WAIT TILL HE TAKES A BITE
OUTTA YOUR LIFE POINTS.
HEY THERE, LITTLE BUDDY.
BEST SWITCH
INTO DEFENSE MODE
IN CASE HE LETS HIS DOG
OFF HIS LEASH.
AND THAT ENDS MY TURN.
MY MOVE, THEN!
I DRAW.
I SLAP ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND LEAVE IT AT THAT.
OK, JESSE! BRING ON
ALL YOUR SPIRITS, BOY!
'CAUSE I GOT ME
A SPECIAL PLACE FOR 'EM
IN MY TROPHY CASE!
HERE WE GO!
MY MOVE!
I HOPE YOU'RE READY,
TRAPPER,
'CAUSE I'M
ABOUT TO SNAG ME
SOME OF YOUR PRECIOUS
LIFE POINTS.
CAREFUL. YOU HAD BEST
WATCH WHERE YOU STEP.
WHO KNOWS WHAT
I GOT IN STORE?
YEAH? WELL, I'M NOT
GONNA BACK DOWN
FROM YOU.
I'M GONNA FIGHT YOU
WITH ALL MY HEART.
SEE, I'VE GOT
A SPECIAL BOND
WITH MY PALS, TRAPPER,
ONE THAT'S STRONGER
THAN ANY TRAP
YOU'RE THINKING
OF SPRINGING ON ME.
MY FRIENDS
WILL BE MINE AGAIN
SOON ENOUGH.
NOT EVEN THAT TRAP CARD
OF YOURS CAN HELP YOU.
HERE GOES!
I SWITCH
MY EMERALD TURTLE
BACK TO ATTACK MODE!
NOW TAKE OUT
HIS BLASTHOUND!
WITH THAT
OUT OF THE WAY,
TOPAZ TIGER CAN POUNCE
DIRECTLY!
TAKE HIM DOWN!
[ROAR]
LOOKS LIKE YOU BIT OFF
MORE THAN YOU
CAN CHEW, TRAPPER!
AND NOW,
WITH MY TURTLE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I SWITCH HIM BACK
TO DEFENSE MODE!
[THINKING]
IF I PLAY MY CARDS RIGHT,
I CAN WIN THIS DUEL
AND RESCUE MY PEGASUS.
[GRUNT]
MY TURN. READY?
I DRAW.
[THINKING]
DAGNAB IT!
THIS PUNY CRITTER
AIN'T GONNA DO THE TRICK.
[GROWL]
LOOKS LIKE I'M GONNA
HAVE TO CALL UPON AN OLD
ACQUAINTANCE OF JESSE'S.
DESPERATE TIMES...
CALL FOR DESPERATE MEASURES.
[LAUGHTER]
Syrus: WE GOT TO GO BACK
AND HELP JADEN.
Hassleberry:
SEARCH AND RESCUE TIME!
Jim: FIRST,
LET'S ASSESS OUR SITUATION.
ROGER THAT, JIM!
SO WHAT DO WE KNOW
SO FAR?
WELL,
TO START OFF, MATES,
WE KNOW THAT THINGS
WENT A BIT CROOK
ONCE THESE SURVIVAL DUELS
STARTED
AND THOSE BIOBANDS
BEGAN SUCKING THE ENERGY
OUT OF ALL THE STUDENTS.
SECONDLY, WE KNOW,
SINCE ARRIVING HERE,
WE'VE BEEN JUMPED, AMBUSHED,
TRICKED, AND TRAPPED!
THE WATER AGAIN. AAH!
LET ME OUTTA HERE!
WHY IS VIPER
DOING ALL OF THIS?
MAYBE...
HE HAS SOME DIABOLICAL PLAN
THAT WE'VE STUMBLED UPON?
THINK SO?
FOCUS, MATES.
VIPER MUST BE GETTING
A BIT NERVOUS
NOW THAT HE KNOWS
WE'RE ON TO HIM.
BUT HOW IS ALL OF THIS
CONNECTED?
THE ANSWER TO THAT PUZZLE
WILL TELL US WHAT HE'S UP TO.
RIGHT! SO, UH,
WHAT'S THE ANSWER?
YA GOT ME, MATE.
I HAVE NO IDEA.
OH, COME ON.
SO BASICALLY,
WE DON'T KNOW ANYTHING.
AFFIRMATIVE!
NOT TRUE.
WE KNOW THAT VIPER
IS WORKING HARD
TO KEEP US FROM FINDING HIM.
HE'S BEEN DRAINING ENERGY
FROM STUDENTS,
AND NOW HE'S AFTER US!
YOU'RE RIGHT, JIM!
VIPER'S PLAN
NEEDS TO BE STOPPED!
YEAH!
COME ON!
LET'S HURRY UP
AND FIND JADEN
BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!
Hassleberry:
DOUBLE-TIME IT, SY!
I AM DOUBLE-TIMING IT!
[BEEP]
IMPRESSIVE.
SECURITY'S GETTING TOUGHER.
TIGHTER SECURITY
CAN ONLY MEAN ONE THING:
I'M GETTING CLOSER TO VIPER!
HMM. WHAT HAPPENED?
UNH.
[GASP]
TRAPPER!
[GROANS]
JESSE...
I GOTTA GO HELP HIM.
I HOPE YOU'RE OK, PAL.
THIS IS VERY GOOD.
WITH TRAPPER'S HELP,
I'LL SOON HAVE EVERYTHING I NEED
TO COMPLETE MY MISSION.
JUST KEEP DUELING, MR. ANDERSON.
THE HOUR IS CLOSE...
AND THE TIME FOR YOU TO RISE
IS UPON US!
[LAUGHING]
Trapper:
THE HUNT'S ON JESSE.
I SUMMON LURE PHANTOM
IN DEFENSE MODE.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHEN YOU'RE BEATEN,
DO YOU?
HMM!
WELL, LET ME
SHOW YOU!
HERE GOES!
[THINKING]
DON'T WORRY, OLD PAL.
I KNOW HE'S GOT YOU
TRAPPED,
BUT I'M WORKING
TO SET YOU FREE.
I SWITCH
MY EMERALD TURTLE
BACK TO ATTACK MODE!
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
PARTNER?
LET'S SHELL
THAT PHANTOM OF HIS!
GO, EMERALD CUTTER!
IT'S OVER, TRAPPER!
'CAUSE NOW MY TIGER'S
GONNA FINISH OFF--
NOT SO FAST!
EASY, NOW.
YOU CAN'T WIN 'EM ALL.
HEH HEH HEH!
BUT I WILL WIN THIS ONE.
REMEMBER THIS PUNY GUY?
[WHIMPER]
[CHUCKLING]
JERRYBEAN! YOU STOLE HIM
FROM THAT KID!
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT,
LITTLE BUDDY?
[WHIMPERING]
HUH?
WHAT'S YOUR STORY,
TRAPPER?!
YOU WIN A DUEL
AND THINK YOU THINK
YOU CAN JUST TAKE
WHAT YOU WANT
BEFORE SCURRYING
OUT OF TOWN?
THAT'S ABOUT RIGHT.
SEE, A DUEL'S
LIKE A HUNT.
WHEN IT'S OVER,
I LIKE TO TAKE HOME
A LITTLE TROPHY.
HERE'S SOME NEWS:
THERE'S ABOUT TO BE
ONE LESS TROPHY IN YOUR
COLLECTION, TRAPPER!
A FRIEND A MINE'S
BEEN WANTING IT BACK!
YOU SEE,
I MADE A PROMISE
THAT I WOULD RETURN IT
TO HIM ONE DAY,
AND I DON'T PLAN
ON BREAKING IT!
I KNOW.
SO WHEREVER
THIS GUY IS,
I'LL FIND HIM.
AND WHEN I DO,
I PROMISE YOU THIS:
HIS TRAPPING DAYS'LL
BE OVER.
ONCE I HEARD THAT,
I KNEW YOU'D BE
LOOKING FOR ME,
AND SO WOULD
YOUR CRYSTAL BEASTS!
THAT'S WHEN IT CAME TO ME.
I REALIZED I COULD USE
THAT CARD OF HIS
TO NAB ME
YOUR PRECIOUS SPIRITS.
NOW LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'RE WILLING TO DO
TO GET THIS CARD
BACK FOR YOUR PAL.
CALL OFF YOUR ATTACK,
OR THE JELLY BEAN GETS IT!
[WHIMPERING]
DON'T DO IT!
IT'S EITHER HIM
OR YOUR PEGASUS!
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
MY TRAPS CAN DRAIN
A MONSTER'S ENERGY.
SO LET'S UP THE STAKES.
IF YOU LOSE,
YOUR HORSEY GOES BYE-BYE!
I CAN'T LET THAT CARD
GET TORN UP,
AND I CAN'T LOSE
MY PEGASUS.
I'LL JUST HAVE TO
STAND DOWN.
LOOK AT YOU...
SQUIRMING!
I'M ENJOYING THIS!
I DRAW!
I REVEAL MY FACEDOWN CARD--
POT OF AVARICE.
WITH THIS HERE CARD,
I TAKE 5 CRITTERS
FROM MY GRAVE
AND SHUFFLE 'EM UP.
NOW I CAN DRAW TWO.
HMM!
I SUMMON
CAMOUFLAGE GARDNER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE DECOY BABY SPELL CARD!
DECOY BABY
LETS ME SET A TRAP
SO'S I CAN CATCH ME
ANOTHER ONE OF
YOUR PRECIOUS BEASTS!
WATCH HOW EASY IT IS!
HEE HEE HEE!
I LOVE THIS PART!
[GASP]
HEE HEE HEE!
IT'S TIME I TRACK DOWN
SOME OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
ALL THIS HUNTING'S
ABOUT TO PAY OFF!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL SUBSTITUTE PAIN!
FOR EVERY BEAST
I DONE CAPTURED,
YOU TAKE
400 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
THIS HERE IS FOR YOUR TIGER!
AND YOUR KITTY!
AND YOUR AMBER MAMMOTH!
[YELLING]
IT'S YOUR GO.
BUT REMEMBER
WHAT'S AT STAKE.
IF'N YOU ATTACK,
YOUR PEGASUS IS SAFE,
BUT THEN THIS BEAN'S
GONNA GET BAKED.
SO WHAT'S IT GONNA BE,
BUDDY BOY?
[WHIMPERING]
[GROWLING]
DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
ONE OF THESE HERE SPIRITS
IS GETTING DESTROYED.
I'M JUST FEELING
KIND ENOUGH RIGHT NOW
TO LET YOU DECIDE
WHICH ONE IT'S GONNA BE!
LET 'EM GO!
IT'S SIMPLE!
YOU JUST GOTTA FIGURE OUT
WHAT'S MORE IMPORTANT TO YOU,
THE LIFE OF
YOUR SAPPHIRE PEGASUS
OR THAT PROMISE YOU MADE
TO THAT FRIEND OF YOURS.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?!
SEE HERE,
I GOT MY REASONS, BOY!
ONE TIME, I WAS LIKE YOU.
SPIRITS AND ME
WAS TIED TOGETHER
AT THE HIP!
THAT'S CHANGED NOW!
TURNS OUT, THE ONLY THING
THEY GOOD FOR
IS THE THRILL OF THE HUNT!
JESSE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE,
AND YOU KNOW IT,
TRAPPER!
HUH?
THAT BOND STILL EXISTS,
BUT YOU HAVE GOT TO STOP
YOUR HUNTING WAYS!
[GRUNT]
NOT A CHANCE!
ONLY THING I'M STOPPING
IS YOU WALKING OUTTA HERE
WITH YOUR MONSTERS!
I WON'T LET YOU!
I'M GONNA
SAVE MY BEASTS,
ONE WAY OR THE OTHER.
[THINKING]
I WISH I COULD
HELP YOU, JESSE.
HEY, WAIT A SEC.
MAYBE I CAN!
ENOUGH'S ENOUGH!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
NO MORE MR. NICE GUY.
I GAVE YOU A CHOICE
TO SAVE THIS
PUNY LITTLE RUNT HERE
OR YOUR MIGHTY PEGASUS.
NOW YOU'RE NOT GONNA
SAVE EITHER!
AAH!
YOU HEARD RIGHT.
YOU AIN'T GETTING
NOTHING BACK.
YOU AIN'T GONNA
SEE THESE GUYS
EVER AGAIN!
NOW LET'S START
WITH THIS ONE.
[SCREAMING]
HEE HEE HEE!
LISTEN TO
THE POOR LITTLE THING!
BET YOU WISH
YOU COULD HAVE SAVED HIM!
TRAPPER, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST LEAVE HIM ALONE?
THAT CARD NEVER
DID ANYTHING TO YOU!
I'M REAL SORRY,
LITTLE FELLA.
I TRIED MY BEST
TO SAVE YOU.
[LAUGHING]
YOU TRIED YOUR BEST?
YOU FAILED 'EM BOTH.
THEY'RE DONE FOR!
IT'S OVER!
[LAUGHING]
Jaden: NOT IF I CAN SWING IT,
TRAPPER!
HOLD ON, JESSE!
HUH?
[YELLING]
UNH!
GOT YOU!
WAY TO GO!
IT'S ALL GOOD!
I GOT HIM!
HE'S OK.
NOW GO SAVE YOUR PEGASUS!
RIGHT!
WHY, YOU...
HEY, TRAPPER,
LOSE SOMETHING IMPORTANT?
HA HA HA!
NOW TO SAVE
MY PEGASUS!
IT'S MY TURN.
SO I DRAW!
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS.
[THINKING]
MAYBE THIS CARD
IS THE KEY
TO SETTING YOU
FREE?!
HERE I COME,
TRAPPER!
I'M ABOUT TO BE REUNITED
WITH MY FAVORITE STEED!
I'M SUMMONING
CRYSTAL BEAST
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
HMM?
HEE HEE HEE!
YOU FORGETTING
SOMETHING, BOY?
I'VE STILL GOT
YOUR HORSEY TRAPPED,
AND YOU SUMMONING IT
AIN'T GONNA DO YOU NO GOOD!
JESSE, THESE HERE TRAPS
ARE ESCAPE-PROOF.
IT DON'T MATTER
IF YOU GOT HIS CARD.
HIS SPIRIT AIN'T
COMING BACK TO YOU!
THAT'S NOT TRUE,
TRAPPER!
PEGASUS BROKE HIS SEAL
FOR ME ONCE BEFORE,
AND HE'LL DO IT AGAIN!
THE CARD IS THE KEY!
NOW BREAK YOUR BOND!
READY!
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS,
SHOW US YOUR SPIRIT!
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
THERE'S NO ESCAPING!
[GASP]
[THINKING]
COME ON BACK, BOY!
WHEN YOU PLAYED MY CARD,
YOU ENABLED ME TO ESCAPE,
DEAR FRIEND!
WHAT THE...
HOW?!
NOW THAT SAPPHIRE PEGASUS
IS BACK ON TRACK,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
CRYSTAL BEAST
RUBY CARBUNCLE!
AND THAT'S
JUST FOR STARTERS.
NOW I PLAY TAKE FLIGHT!
TIME FOR TAKEOFF!
[NEIGHING]
READY, GUYS?
NO!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
SORRY, TRAPPER,
BUT ITS TIME
I GET REUNITED
WITH MY FRIENDS!
YOU SEE, WHEN
TAKE FLIGHT'S PLAYED,
IT LETS ALL
MY CRYSTAL BEASTS
ESCAPE FROM YOUR TRAPS!
AWESOME!
AND NOW
I'M GONNA ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD
GEM BURST!
IT ALLOWS ME TO REMOVE
G FORCE, E FORCE,
AND M FORCE
FROM MY DECK!
WHEN THESE CARDS
ARE REMOVED FROM PLAY,
THEY EVOLVE
INTO CRYSTALS.
AND NOW,
WITH THE POWER
OF THESE GEMS,
ALLOW ME TO DAZZLE YOU
WITH 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE FOR EACH
CRYSTAL ON THE FIELD!
LOOKS LIKE THE HUNTER
HAS BECOME THE HUNTED!
THIS ENDS NOW, TRAPPER!
GO, 5-GEM FLARE-FLASH!
NOOOO!!
[SCREAMING]
YOU DID IT, JESSE!
THANKS. I COULDN'T HAVE
DONE IT WITHOUT YOU.
JESSE...
HUH?
YOU WERE RIGHT.
I WAS ONCE LIKE YOU
BEFORE I STARTED TRAPPING.
I HAD AN UNBREAKABLE BOND
WITH MY MONSTERS.
BUT ONE DAY,
THEY WAS TAKEN AWAY.
I VOWED TO TRAP A SPIRIT
EVERY TIME I DUELED,
HOPING I COULD
FILL THE VOID.
THEN I MET A MAN
NAMED VIPER!
YOU MET VIPER?!
I DID! AND HE PROMISED ME
THAT IF I HELPED HIM OUT,
I COULD GET MY HANDS
ON THE ULTIMATE SPIRIT.
IF I WANTED,
THE RAINBOW DRAGON
COULD BE ALL MINE.
SO I TOOK HIM UP
ON HIS OFFER.
YOU TELL US
WHERE VIPER IS!
AAH!
I'M...SORRY.
JESSE!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHAT'S GOING ONNNN?
NO.
IT'S THE SPIRITS
I TRAPPED.
THEY'RE COMING
TO GET ME.
AAH!
LOOKS LIKE...I'M DONE...
TRAP...PING.
HUH?
WHERE'D HE GO?
HE JUST PLUM DISA--
UNH!
JESSE, YOU OK?
LET ME HELP!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
IT'S COOL.
I'LL BE OK.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE GO HUNT DOWN VIPER
AND PUT AN END
TO ALL THIS?
ALL RIGHT!
BUT FIRST,
LET'S GO FIND THE OTHERS.
WE GOT TO GO
AND MAKE SURE THAT NOTHING
HAS HAPPENED TO THEM!
HA! YOUR SERVICES
ARE NO LONGER REQUIRED.
I HAVE ALL THE ENERGY I NEED.
HMM.
WHAT'S THIS?
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
AAH!
HUH?
NO.
AH. NO.
STILL NOT ENOUGH?
IT APPEARS THAT
HE COVETS MORE ENERGY
THAN I HAD INITIALLY
ANTICIPATED.
YOU'RE MORE POWERFUL
THAN I EVER IMAGINED,
AREN'T YOU?
LOOKS LIKE I'LL BE NEEDING
ONE MORE DUEL...
WITH JADEN.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪